# Muhammad Hammad Hassan
Desktop and Web Enthusiast | CS UET'25 | Community Builder | Students Right Activist | Technical Writer | Diversity & Inclusion
## About
Hammad is a second year lad, pursuing bachelors in computer science from UET Lahore. Hammad hails from Arifwala a city in the Punjab state of Pakistan. He is a social butterfly who loves to interact, an extrovert who likes to socialize with people related to various schools of thought. He is an empath who cares for the entire mankind without bound of religion and terrain. His enchantment towards computers is unprecedented and a curious challenger inside him urges him to explore the vastness of this stream, ultimately making him a curious technology evangelist. From a development perspective, Hammad is a cross-platform developer and an open-source contributor. He is a creative designer who loves to portray his imagination and is an amazing technical content writer who writes bite-sized, factual and easy-to-digest publications. Hammad loves to speak regarding technology which surely has leveraged the technical public speaker in him. He is a community builder on a mission to produce well-rounded technology evangelists. He’s driven by the will to create an impact and encourage diversity and inclusion in communities. He likes the diversity in tech so, you can find him doing awesome things in different domains of technology. Excellent guts like public speaking, book reading, and managerial skills have brought up a leader inside him. He is a good athlete who loves to play cricket.
## Conatact Me
Email: mhhjutt@gmail.com
